README.md, before:

# Vex - Functional Programming Language
Vex is a memory safe purely functional programing language, with simple syntax for new users.

## Key Features
- **Memory Safety**: Vex eliminates common memory-related issues, such as null pointer dereferences and buffer overflows, ensuring that your applications run securely.
- **Purely Functional**: Emphasizing immutability and first-class functions, Vex encourages a functional programming paradigm that leads to more predictable and maintainable code.
- **Strong Type System**: Vex's strong static type system helps catch errors at compile time, reducing runtime issues and enhancing code reliability.
- **Concurrency Support**: Built-in support for concurrent programming enables developers to create efficient, multi-threaded applications with ease.

## Getting Started
To start using Vex, follow these simple steps:
1. **Installation**: Download and install Vex from the [offical website](#)
2. **Hello, world**: Create your first Vex program:
    ```ocaml
    val () -> int: main fn () =>
        print<string> "Hello, world";
        0;
    ```
3. **Explore the Documentation**: Check out the [Vex documentation](/docs/vex/getting-started.md) for detailed guides, tutorials, and API references.

Commit message:

Started working on the new syntax

README.md, after:

# Vex - Functional Programming Language
Vex is a memory safe purely functional programing language, with simple syntax for new users.

## Key Features
- **Memory Safety**: Vex eliminates common memory-related issues, such as null pointer dereferences and buffer overflows, ensuring that your applications run securely.
- **Purely Functional**: Emphasizing immutability and first-class functions, Vex encourages a functional programming paradigm that leads to more predictable and maintainable code.
- **Strong Type System**: Vex's strong static type system helps catch errors at compile time, reducing runtime issues and enhancing code reliability.
- **Concurrency Support**: Built-in support for concurrent programming enables developers to create efficient, multi-threaded applications with ease.

> Note: Vex is currently an experimental language. Expect changes to syntax, features, and tooling as development progresses.

## Getting Started
To start using Vex, follow these simple steps:
1. **Installation**: Download and install Vex from the [official website](#)
2. **Hello, world**: Create your first Vex program:
    ```ocaml
    val () -> int: main fn () =>
        print<string> "Hello, world";
        0;
    ```
3. **Explore the Documentation**: Check out the [Vex documentation](/docs/vex/getting-started.md) for detailed guides, tutorials, and API references.
